[asuswrt] Initial contribution - new binding to get informations from Asus-Routers (#13815)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.asuswrt/README.md

# Asuswrt Binding

> This binding adds support to control get informations from ASUS-Router (Copyright © ASUS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This binding adds support to read information from ASUS-Routers (Copyright © ASUS).
```

## Supported Things

> Binding supports ASUS-Router with AsusWRT or -AsusWRT-Merlin Firmware.

Reviewer 2: Some more consistent use of caps and a link would be nice: 

```suggestion
This binding supports ASUS routers with Asuswrt or [Asuswrt-Merlin](https://www.asuswrt-merlin.net/) firmware.
```

|                  | totalRX            | Number:DataAmount      | Data received since reboot in MB           | interface, client                 |
|                  | totalTX            | Number:DataAmount      | Data sent since reboot in MB               | interface, client                 |

## Events

All devices support some of the following Events:
| group            | event             |kind        | description                                                            | things supporting this event    |
|------------------|-------------------|------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------|
| networkInfo      | connectionEvent   | Trigger    | Fired if connection is established ('connected') or ('disconnected')   | interface                       |
|                  | clientOnlineEvent | Trigger    | Fired if Client leaves ('gone') or enters ('connected') the network    | client                          |
| clientListGroup  | clientOnlineEvent | Trigger    | Fired if Client leaves ('gone') or enters ('connected') the network    | router                          |

## Debugging and Tracing

> If you want to see what's going on in the binding, switch the loglevel to TRACE in the Karaf console

Reviewer: I don't think this should be documented here as it is duplicate and allready documented here: https://www.openhab.org/docs/administration/logging.html#defining-what-to-log

`log:set TRACE org.openhab.binding.asuswrt`

Set the logging back to normal

> `log:set INFO org.openhab.binding.asuswrt`+

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`log:set INFO org.openhab.binding.asuswrt`
```

# Asuswrt Binding

This binding adds support to read information from ASUS-Routers (Copyright © ASUS).

## Supported Things

This binding supports ASUS routers with Asuswrt or [Asuswrt-Merlin](https://www.asuswrt-merlin.net/) firmware.

> Firmware 5.x.x (some DSL models) is NOT supported (not AsusWRT).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Firmware 5.x.x (some DSL models) is NOT supported (not Asuswrt).
```
